[Applause]
[Music]
and these smaller that after that opened
fire early Friday
I'm suburban that their movie theater on
the opening night I believe is not a
movie that our members or your
employer's that we shot killed himself
tuesday night well complete with his
father's gun inside the family's home
men killed his mother open and then
opened fire friday inside the other news
school which taught mess around 26
people I'm going to do 20 children
[Music]
that the new girl was killed Saturday
from an accidental gunshot wound to the
chest when playing with friends bringing
the death toll to an all-time high for
children with guns
[Applause]